the way I've connected with various teams and team members that I've had
is basically just being open to them, listening to them. If you're
the leader, though, you need to set expectation to be clear about
what those expectations are. And if they're somewhat controversial,
you need to be clear on why those expectations are the way they are.
You have to realize that the connection you're establishing is not
necessarily appeared, appear. Relationship. It's a superior to subordinate
relationship. Most of the time. The folks that work for you understand
they're the subordinate and you're the superior. So that's
kind of built into the into the relationship itself you need. But you
still need to make sure that that is what you what you expect now
within that as a leader. As I said before, you need to be willing to
listen. Listen to their ideas, listen their frustrations. If you're
willing to listen, that goes a long way into establishing a good report
in connection with the folks that work with you and for you